Asuna?
Asuna!
I've...
become a real crybaby, Asuna.
These feelings I had buried are crying out.
kakushiteta kanjou ga himei wo ageteru
I'll hold on to these steadfast vows.
tashikana chikai wo te ni
Seeking but a miracle,
kiseki dake wo motome
I wander in the unrelenting darkness
kienai yami wo samayou
If I remain here, I'll only be trapped in the present.
doko ni ireba nidoto mirai miru koto dekinai
The moon beckons again tonight,
koyoi mo tsuki ga sasotte
and while I still can't voice my feelings,
mada kotoba dasenai kedo
I continue to scream inside my heart.
kokoro no naka sakebitsuzuketa
These feelings I had buried are crying out.
kakushiteta kanjou ga himei wo ageteru
I'll hold on to these steadfast vows.
tashikana chikai wo te ni
If only I could have become a little bit stronger,
ato honno sukoshi dake tsuyoku nareta nara
I would have flown far above these skies
me no mae ni aru kono sora koete yuku kara
and reached out to the future beyond here.
kono saki ni aru mirai ni te wo nobasu kara
We really... don't look alike, do we?
Onii-chan, I'm off to club practice.
Morning, Sugu.
M-Morning.
Jeez.
At least tell me if you're gonna watch.
Well, I didn't want to interrupt.
I wouldn't have minded.
It's just part of my routine now.
I see.
You stuck with it, after all.
It's light.
Huh?
It's made of madake bamboo, so it's pretty heavy.
Oh, yeah...
Um...
I expected it be heavier; maybe it's just by comparison...
In comparison to what exactly?
Say, why don't we have a go?
Have a go?
You mean a match?
Yeah.
With the guards on and everything?
We could just do it with no contact,
but I don't want to risk accidentally hurting you.
We still have Grandpa's gear, right?
Let's do it in the dojo.
Oh?
Well, aren't you rather confident for someone who's been comatose for two years?
I wonder if you can make me, one of the top eight competitors in the Nationals, even break a sweat.
Besides, are you really feeling up to it?
You shouldn't overexert yourself.
I'll show you the results of my daily rehab at the gym.
What's that supposed to be, Onii-chan?
Don't mind me.
This is my personal sword style.
Here I come.
Okay.
His head is wide open.
I'll take a good strike there...
Huh?
For some reason, I can't see any openings...
Then how about...
A-Are you all right, Onii-chan?
Wow, you got me good.
You're strong, Sugu.
Heathcliff doesn't hold a candle to you.
Are you really all right?
Yeah...
Let's call it a day.
Did I hit you too hard?
Th-That's not it! It's just an old habit!
Footwork aside, my attacks are the problem.
I guess I can't recreate my sword skills without the system-assist, after all.
At any rate, you really surprised me.
Onii-chan, have you been practicing?
More or less.
But it's really fun.
Maybe I'll try out kendo again.
Really?
Will you really?!
Sugu, will you teach me?
O-Of course!
Let's train together again!
Once I'm in better shape, okay?
You know, Onii-chan.
I'm also...
Actually, forget I said anything.
What is it?
What are your plans for today?
Today, I'm...
going to the hospital.
I see.
So you're going to visit... her, right?
Asuna-san, was it?
Yeah.
That's all I can do for her, after all.
Well then, it's my turn to make breakfast today,
so you can go ahead and take a shower first.
Okay.
Two months ago,
I defeated Heathcliff and cleared that game of death.
Soon after I woke up, I offered inside information regarding SAO to a government official
from the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications' SAO Incident Task Force
in exchange for Asuna's whereabouts.
What I learned as a result
was that she was at Tokorozawashi
General Hospital in Saitama Prefecture,
and that around 300 players, including Asuna, hadn't woken up yet.
To the public's outrage,
the conspiracy that Kayaba Akihiko had started before disappearing still hadn't ended.
The SAO Incident hasn't ended yet.
Asuna...
Oh,
so you were here, Kirigaya-kun.
Thanks for visiting so often.
Good afternoon.
Pardon the intrusion, Yuuki-san.
No, not at all. Feel free to visit whenever.
I'm sure my daughter would like that too.
President.
Oh, it's your first time meeting him, isn't it?
This is Sugou-kun, the man in
charge of our research institute.
I'm Sugou Nobuyuki.
Nice to meet you.
I'm Kirigaya Kazuto.
Really? So you're that hero, Kirito-kun!
Oh, my apologies.
Inside information regarding SAO was confidential, wasn't it?
He's the son of a good friend of mine,
so I always considered him as close as family.
Well, President, regarding that...
I'd like it if you made an official decision now.
Oh, that's right.
But are you sure about this?
You're still young. You have your whole life ahead of you.
I made up my mind long ago.
While Asuna-san still remains as her beautiful self,
I'd like to have her wear a dress.
I guess you're right...
It may be time for me to make a decision.
Sorry to leave so abruptly, but I have a meeting to attend.
We'll finish this discussion at another time.
Kirigaya-kun. Let's meet again.
I heard that inside that game, you lived together with Asuna?
Yes.
In that case, I suppose you and I have a rather complicated relationship.
What we were discussing just now
was the marriage of Asuna and me.
As if you could possibly do that.
True, we can't file for an official marriage,
so instead, I'll be adopted by the Yuuki family as their son.
To tell the truth, she's never been very fond of me.
Her parents are oblivious to that,
but if the subject of marriage was ever brought up, chances are she'd reject it.
So from my standpoint, this situation is extremely convenient.
Stop it.
Are you planning to take advantage of Asuna's comatose state?
"Take advantage of"?
No,
it's my legitimate right.
Hey, Kirigaya-kun.
Do you know what happened to Argus, the developer of SAO, afterward?
I heard it was dissolved.
Correct.
On top of development costs,
the company had to compensate the victims of the incident,
and was run into the ground by debt.
The maintenance of the SAO servers was entrusted to
the general appliance manufacturer of which Yuuki Shouzou-shi is the CEO: RCT.
I'm also the director of RCT's
Full-Dive research department.
In other words, it wouldn't be wrong to
say Asuna's life is being sustained by me.
Considering that, don't I deserve a little compensation?
I don't know what you promised the girl inside that game,
but I'd like you to never come back here again.
Stay away from the Yuuki family while you're at it.
The ceremony will be held in a week,
on January 26th, in this hospital room.
I only regret that it's not a traditionally auspicious wedding date.
It is a day for sharing fortune, so you're invited.
Make the most of your last
meeting with her, Hero Boy.
Onii-chan, the bath's free.
Onii-chan! If you're here, at least answer.
The heater's not even on. Something wrong?
Sorry.
Can you leave me alone for a bit?
But it's so cold in here—
Wh-What's wrong?
Nothing.
But...
you're freezing.
You'll catch a cold.
You should warm up in the bath.
I'm... no good.
Even after I resolved never to show
weakness in front of you no matter what...
Did something happen to her—to Asuna-san?
Asuna is going to go far away.
To somewhere I can't reach.
Hey, don't give in so soon.
You shouldn't give up so easily on the one you love.
I can't...
lie to myself anymore either.
I can still remember like it was yesterday...
the time Kazuto suddenly asked about his real parents.
I was really surprised then.
He was only ten years old,
but he noticed the deleted records on the
Resident Registers Network all on his own.
Jeez, that sounds like something he'd do.
I was so surprised, I let my guard down.
So I carelessly spilled the beans that my older sister and her husband were his real parents.
Say, Mom.
What is it?
Do you think that's related to why
Onii-chan started playing online games all day
once he got into middle school?
Of course not.
After all, by the time he was six, he was already building his own machines using spare parts.
If anything, he must've inherited my obsession with computers.
On a mental level at least.
Well then, I'll head back home first, okay?
You shouldn't stay too late either.
Okay, I won't.
Happy birthday.
It still hasn't really sunk in that Onii-chan and I are cousins.
Onii-chan.
But, Onii-chan's heart...
Onii-chan's heart...
already belongs to her.
Hey, wake up, Sugu.
It's already morning.
Come on, wake up.
You're losing time for morning practice.
Oh, morning, Onii-chan.
Morning.
Um...
I...
Oh, dear.
You shouldn't give up...
Yeah. That's right.
This is...
Asuna?
Higher and higher, I stretch out my hands
takaku takaku kono te wo nobashite
and pray once more, "Someday, someday."
kitto kitto tte mou ichido negau kara
My endless feelings are lost
tomedonai omoi wa
in these ordinary days.
nichijou ni nomarete
They waver and change shape yet again.
yurameki nagara mata katachi wo kaeteitta
I wonder if I'm too late,
imasara mou osoi kana
but there's no answer in sight.
henji mo nai jimonjitou
Every decision is up to me,
subete wa sou jibun shidai
whether it's the beginning or the end.
owari mo hajimari mo
Higher and higher, I stretch out my hands.
takaku takaku kono te wo nobashite
Flying towards the gentle light, I flap my wings.
yasashii hikari wo mezashite habatakuyo
I embrace the passion
kokoro ni tomoshita
that flared up in my heart
jounetsu mo daite
and pray once more, "Someday, someday."
kitto kitto tte mou ichido negau kara